c:\users\katie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aforgetry\Aforgetry\bin\Debug\Aforgetry.exe.config
c:\users\katie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aforgetry\Aforgetry\bin\Debug\Aforgetry.exe
c:\users\katie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aforgetry\Aforgetry\bin\Debug\Aforgetry.pdb
c:\users\katie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aforgetry\Aforgetry\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.dll
c:\users\katie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aforgetry\Aforgetry\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.dll
c:\users\katie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aforgetry\Aforgetry\bin\Debug\AForge.dll
c:\users\katie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aforgetry\Aforgetry\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.xml
c:\users\katie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aforgetry\Aforgetry\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.xml
c:\users\katie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aforgetry\Aforgetry\bin\Debug\AForge.xml
c:\users\katie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aforgetry\Aforgetry\obj\Debug\Aforgetry.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\katie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aforgetry\Aforgetry\obj\Debug\Aforgetry.Form1.resources
c:\users\katie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aforgetry\Aforgetry\obj\Debug\Aforgetry.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\katie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aforgetry\Aforgetry\obj\Debug\Aforgetry.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\katie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aforgetry\Aforgetry\obj\Debug\Aforgetry.exe
c:\users\katie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aforgetry\Aforgetry\obj\Debug\Aforgetry.pdb
C:\Users\katie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Aforgetry\Aforgetry\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.dll
C:\Users\katie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Aforgetry\Aforgetry\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.Formats.dll
C:\Users\katie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Aforgetry\Aforgetry\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.dll
C:\Users\katie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Aforgetry\Aforgetry\bin\Debug\AForge.Vision.dll
C:\Users\katie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Aforgetry\Aforgetry\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.xml
C:\Users\katie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Aforgetry\Aforgetry\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.Formats.xml
C:\Users\katie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Aforgetry\Aforgetry\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.xml
C:\Users\katie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Aforgetry\Aforgetry\bin\Debug\AForge.Vision.xml
